everyone knows the legend of the sword
in the stone
but no one knows how it all began he was
a last emperor of Rome tell me you see a
boy and when the Empire fell to burn
here burn girl girl
the only hope would lie in a weapon of
wondrous power the sword must be found
me and the boy is the one who must seek
it out now with us who can we count on
Caesar is a word from the past give up
the boy
pursued by animating barmy
a wizard will teach him every living
creature as a destiny a warrior will
train Anakin abilities and a general
will lead him your Caesar pseudo
contrary to the sword with the power to
forge a new nation the sword carries the
prophecy the boy he is the one this
summer if we stand against 14
any more will die perhaps all of us
freedom speech right one last lead
I witnessed the beginning of King
Arthur's legend